readme update (#81)
Mai-Sigurd/disaster-routing-simulator: README.md

```bash
python src/main.py
```
This will open a browser showcasing the dashboard.

> Nb. SimWrapper does not work with the Safari browser. Paste the link into another browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
N.B.: SimWrapper does not work with the Safari browser. Paste the link into another browser.
```
